Applying a License in Kaspersky Security Center
Open the Administration Console

Open the Administration Console

Launch the Kaspersky Security Center Administration Console or Web Console.

Access Administration Server Properties

In the main menu, click the settings icon next to the Administration Server you want to manage.

The Administration Server properties window will open.

Navigate to License Keys

Go to the General tab.

Select the License keys section.

Select or Add a License

Under Current license, click Select.

If the license key is already listed, choose it.

If not, click Add new license key and enter the license file or activation code.

Deploy License to Endpoints

Once the license is added to the Administration Server, it can be distributed to managed endpoints (including Linux).

Use a remote installation task or the Protection Deployment Wizard to push Kaspersky Endpoint Security for Linux along with the license.

The license will be automatically applied during deployment or updated via synchronization.

Steps to Create and Run the Remote License Activation Task
Open the Administration Console / Web Console

Connect to your Kaspersky Security Center Administration Server.

Create a New Task

In the console tree, go to Tasks → For specific computers (or for an administration group).

Right‑click → New Task.

Select Task Type

Choose Application activation (this is the task type specifically for applying licenses).

Select Kaspersky Endpoint Security for Linux as the target application.

Choose License Source

You can either:

Use a license key already stored on the Administration Server, or

Upload a new license key (file or activation code
The task will distribute this license to the selected endpoint(s).

Assign Target Devices

Add your Linux endpoint(s) to the task scope.

You can select individual devices or entire groups.

Configure Schedule

Run the task immediately or set a schedule (e.g., recurring if you want automatic re‑application in case of reinstall).

Finish and Run

Save the task and run it.

The Administration Server will push the license to the endpoint via the Network Agent.

To verify
kesl-control --app-info

